Note for v1.2.2 upgrades (#627)
harvester/docs: docs/upgrade/v1-2-2-to-v1-3-1.md

### 1. Cluster upgrade stuck after the first node is upgraded

> :::note
> For users running v1.2.2/v1.3.0, labelling the `local-kubeconfig` secret before triggering the upgrade, could potentially avoid the subsequent stuck upgrade issue. 
> 
> This can be done as follows: 
> `kubectl label secret local-kubeconfig -n fleet-local cluster.x-k8s.io/cluster-name=local`
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::tip
To prevent this issue from occurring, label the `local-kubeconfig` secret before starting the upgrade process. 
`kubectl label secret local-kubeconfig -n fleet-local cluster.x-k8s.io/cluster-name=local`
:::
```

Reviewer: This note should be placed after the example so that the context is set first.
